people want to know what I do I remind
you of things I remind you that you were
strong I remind you that you are not
tired
I remind you that you are born leader I
remind you that how you practice is how
you will play I remind you
you want to embrace that constructive
struggled because that's how you become
powerful in life listen the gym is a
place where you practice activating and
strengthening your willpower will power
and the power of the mind Trump's
whatever muscle you think you may have
when your body breaks down your mind
takes over if you sit down to do the
iron marathon or join the rep set do not
get up until the mission is complete
that's how you start activating that
will power and the power of the mind I
chose out this before and I'm a keep
saying train your mind as hard as you
train your body listen just said does it
end when you feel like racking the
weights yes sir ends when your training
partner has to lift that damn ball for
your chest
you are more than a bodybuilder you are
a character builder you are sure you are
more than a bodybuilder you are a
character builder you're building
character that's what we're doing in
general building a strong character and
you just happen to be slowly fuck you
just happen to be alpha ass you fuck
alpha do a leader you blaze your own
trails you don't wait around for nobody
else you go walking that Jimmy make it
happen you do that in a genuine do that
in life everywhere you go keep it and
look up to you little big they love you
admires you want to be like you you're
gonna get they be a source of motivation
just by your presence when you walk in a
room with a bunch of average average
cats you want stand out you are shined
without even trying that's what we do we
building character we building our
bodies we building our minds you being
strong why would you not want to be as
strong as possible and when you are
doing the things to become as strong as
possible the way that you look sort of
be amazing the dough this is a concern
where how you look
me I don't care I want to be as strong
as prosecutor mentally spiritually and
physically that's what we do now I want
to know if you do over drank training
the bodies we train the mind you want to
stand another rep she gon keep pushing
push yourself let's go rap rap don't put
that shit down keep going doing tired
yeah let's hope push push yourself let's
go come on wow great I don't back that
way yet let's go people are you
push yourself to failure if you don't
push yourself to failure you'll never
know how far you can go if you don't
know how far you can go how can you go
further than your limits we about
pushing through limits if you hit that
wall we about pushing through that wall
fuck that wall no limitations can be set
upon you tell yourself that you have
zero limits sky is the lemming